hey guys I just figured out the most
amazing minestrone soup recipe it's so
hearty warm delicious and simple to make
if you know how to use a knife you'll be
able to master this recipe so let's get
started
stay heat up the olive oil and saute the
onions cut the carrots into small pieces
add to your onions there and saute while
we go prepare the recipe ingredients cut
up the celery and the green squash add
to a bowl and set aside before you cut
the chicken into small pieces don't
forget to go give the carrots and onions
a quick stir add in the chicken and
season with salt and pepper stir it
together and then add the rest of the
ingredients the zucchini and celery
spinach dry pasta chicken broth water
crushed tomatoes and the white beans
stir all together and bring to a boil
season with some salt and pepper and
cover to help it boil faster once it
boils stir and put the timer on for 5
minutes after boiling for 5 minutes turn
down to a simmer stir in the fresh basil
served with some freshly cracked black
pepper if you would like to let me know
that you enjoyed this recipe then please
don't forget to give a thumbs up and
subscribe have a great week and as
always keep it classy